ARExplorer system description.

Considering two components: Agent + UI. 

AGENT: Agent for extracted Attitudes and Relations from documens

    ADK 2.0
    For the agent we need declaration of TOOLS.

    TOOLS:
        #1 Tool that represents the main contribution of the agent: 
            bulk-ner: https://github.com/nicolay-r/bulk-ner 
            bulk-ner provides a service of annotating the named entities to the massive volume of texts that solves the context limit problem of LM models.
        
            It provides the output in the most readable form that represents lists of the tokens and a notation of entities in it.
            We can use this information as an output context, suitable for LLMs.
        
        #2 tool that determine connection between entities.
            bulk-chain: https://github.com/nicolay-r/bulk-chain
            It's something that could be done with LLM.
            Given a dataset of pairs, where how we can approach this is to apply the bulk-chain.
            bulk-chain allows to use batching technique of querying LLM (llm-as-service) by implementing adapter to any provider.
            Input: schema, is a custom chain or a single prompt in which parameter is the TYPE OF RELATION
            We can by default register sentiment and analysis type of relations, which assumes that we output. [give link to task / papers / of related studies].
            Classify relations among three different facets, which is positive, negative, neutral.
        
        #3 Graph operations.
            Simple tool that performs Union, Intersection operations.
            Since we did not expect here use of third-party resouces, this could be a single function.
            Therefore, it does not require use for MCP.
        
        Examples:
            Search and filter in massive database of documents.
            Opearations on graphs.
    
    MCP: 
        The application scope of tools #1-#3 is currently limited to this agent.
        Thefore, we use simple wrapper for tools over exposed Python API.
        The MCP could be done for the current agent.

    SKILLS:
        Github project of the developed OpinionAgent must include .agent registered SLILLS for effective development.

HOSTING / Server:
    We can use Fast-API.

-------------------
UI:
    ELEMENTS:
        - d3js Vis for any data. (requires support output schema from LLM).
            - radial
            - force
    INTERACTION WITH AGENT:
        - Access the agent via REST-API to access HOSTING / Server (driven by Fast-API)
        - Interaction must be done via STRUCTURED OUTPUT from agent, based on formed schema.
            - schema must include text dcomments that goes into chat + other UI related parameters (optional) that reflect d3js Vis abilities.
    LAYOUT:
        two panels: left and main.
        main is the d3js vis panel
        left panel is for chat with agent. Since output is structured, then textual output goes in chat and the one that refers to grap to d3js-Vis.
-------------------

DOCS:
    This file could be formed in specs. Specs could be stored in 'docs/' project directory.

LIMITATION: 
    1. pronouns he /she is not covered. Could be covered with 2 via extra pass over results returned by tool#1.
    2. UI: we use only CHAT as an interation with Agent, while simimar queries could be made as SHORTCUTS of interaction with graph elements.
    3. Graph is offloaded from the context window only.
        - The graph storage and corresponding operations with grapsh assume that the whole graph (graphs) are stored in memory.
        - This could be further on improved to prevent OOM exceptions.
    4. Supported texts in english by default. Limited by the NER model actually.

EVALUATION:
    NER: refer to particular model
    SENTIMENT ANALYSIS: refer to link on my github with eval for LLM models and non-llm * (out-of-scope but still).
